Ahh...
[gulps]
[growls]
Ahhmph! Ahhmph!
[gulps]
How many times do I
have to remind you?!
I only want to eat meat!
What do you stupid heads
keep bringing me candy for?!
I'm sorry, Miss!
Well, whatever.
You might as well
keep the sweets coming.
If this really is all you have.
It looks like we won't be
arriving at Mariejois
for a while longer.
There's no telling
when we might be attacked!
Don't let your guard down, men!
[MARINES]
Sir!
[OLGA groans]
[grunts]
Ugh, I just had to get
snatched up by these losers.
And right when I finally
found a way out of
that disgusting place, too!
Man...
[OLGA whines]
I thought I'd be able to give
these guys the slip, but...
[sighs]
...that's not
working out so well.
[AIGIS]
You know, we can hear you.
[gasps]
[AIGIS] Just tell me where
the Pure Gold is hidden.
Hah! Even if I did know,
I wouldn't tell you a thing!
So you World Government
guys are really looking for
the treasure that's worth enough
to buy the whole world?
Greedy! And tough luck!
'Cause the Pure Gold is
all mine and you can't have it!
[AIGIS grunts]
Y'know why?!
Because, as it turns out,
I'm even greedier than you are!
[chuckles]
[grunts]
[MARINE A]
What the--?
[MARINES yell]
Whoa!
Hey! What's goin' on out there?!
[AIGIS]
Get away from the window!
Fine...
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Maybe this is the big
chance I was waiting for...
You do realize
we can hear you?
[gasps]
Turn us around!
And do it quickly!
[MARINE E grunts]
[MARINE D]
Can't tell which direction
they're attacking
from at all, sir!
Are you telling me you can't
even see a ship on the water?!
Damn it, you're right.
There has to be
a ship here somewhere.
[MARINES scream]
Crap! You there!
Don't tell me you can't see
where the enemy is either!
Sorry, sir!
I can't see a thing!
Gah!
[YUKIMURA]
Huh?
[screams]
[MARINES gasp]
[gasping]
Ah! Who in the hell are you?!
[STRANGER]
Straight outta the North Blue.
I consumed the
Color Color Fruit.
I'm the camouflage man
with the spray paint can!
The name's Psycho P!
Huh...? [gasps]
I expected you to be surprised.
I devised an
"outta sight" disguise.
[gulping]
[TANAKA] Sururururururu...
Do be careful.
As you know, obtaining
the legendary Pure Gold
is of utmost importance
to Lord Tesoro.
And bearing that in mind...
...you had better be sure
not to kill the little girl.
Eh, shut your piehole.
[gasps]
[NAOMI]
You're killin' my buzz.
You think I'm stupid?
If the brat dies, we'll never
get our hands on that treasure.
Hup...
[grunts]
Jalalalalalala... They only
brought four warships.
That won't be enough to stop me.
Mad Anchor!
[yells]
[TREASURE PIRATES yelling]
It's time for some
more camo paint!
[laughs]
[YUKIMURA grunting]
Where'd he go?!
[rasps]
You seem like a
pretty tough dude,
with a never-give-up attitude.
I got mad respect for you!
--[MARINE G grunts]
--[MARINE H groans]
[TREASURE]
Naomi.
[hiccups]
[TREASURE]
Psycho P.
Hey, what's up, boss man?
Are you ready for
another treasure hunt?
Ow! I told you that
hurts, you big dummy!
[AIGIS] The Pure Gold belongs
to the World Government.
A child like you has
no business with it!
Ha! Well, what are you
gonna do then, huh?
You're never gonna
find it without me.
[OLGA gasps]
Ah!
I'm glad I tracked you
down, Miss Olga Myskina.
Because I'm about to make you
lead me straight
to the Pure Gold!
[MARINES yell]
Jalalalalala!
[MARINE C groans]
[grunts, groans]
Oh!
I'm guessing you've got
Devil Fruit Powers, huh?
A regular human
could never do that.
You're trying to find
the Pure Gold, too, right?
You want me to
show you where it is?
Well, well, I didn't expect you
to be so accommodating.
Thanks, little missy.
Sure, but on one condition.
I'm not tellin' you anything
until you help me
get away from
these losers, deal?
[AIGIS]
Stop! Don't bargain with him!
How do you know about this girl?
It's simple.
A patron of mine is in
on some government secrets.
He told me all about her.
[AIGIS]
Who?
Jalalalalala!
That's my secret to keep, buddy!
[gasps]
The Celestial Dragons
must be desperate
to get the Pure Gold
for themselves.
Ciphor Pol Zero doesn't run
around doing errands
unless something really big is
at stake, isn't that right?
[AIGIS]
I don't owe you an explanation!
[chuckles]
These blockheads
are so focused on
beating each other up.
I betcha they won't even
notice when I run away.
[BOTH]
We can hear you, you know?
[gasps]
[TREASURE]
Chain Hammer!
[AIGIS groans]
[AIGIS yells]
[gasps]
Now there's nowhere
left for you to run,
so this oughta be fun.
What the...?
What kinda weirdo power is that?
[TREASURE]
Jalalalalala...
You might as well go ahead
and surrender now, kid.
[grunts]
Okay. We need to get
to Alchemi, right?
The legendary island?
Show us the way there.
What, so you're not even
gonna say please or anything?
I don't like rude guys like you.
[NAOMI]
Hmm?
Hey, Elizabeth!
[ELIZABETH squawking]
[growls]
Turns out there is
somewhere left I can run.
Ah!
[OLGA screams]
[ELIZABETH squawking]
[OLGA]
Later, stupid!
Huh.
So she's got a little friend.
Wait.
Just let her go.
I think it's more
interesting this way.
Can you really succeed now?
I'm skeptical.
Tell Tesoro there's
no reason to worry.
I guarantee I'm coming back with
the Pure Gold no matter what.
Sugururururu... Perfect.
If so, then I'll be on my way
back to Gran Tesoro.
We like to wander, so use this
to find us once you're finished.
There's a vivre card of
my Lord Tesoro inside.
He says he's prepared
to reward you
with anything you desire.
I'm not interested in money.
I obviously have plenty of that
and I'm already bored with it.
This treasure doesn't bring me
any satisfaction at all.
It's nothing but trash.
Oh.
[TREASURE]
This is what it really means
to be a treasure hunter.
The thrill, the rush I get
whenever I track down
a new treasure.
I wanna stay drunk
on it forever!
[AIGIS]
My deepest apologies.
Mad Treasure
attacked the ship...
...and Olga Myskina,
she managed to escape, sir.
[LUCCI]
Find her at any cost.
I don't need to remind you of
what will happen to you
if you allow anyone else
to obtain Pure Gold.
[AIGIS]
Yes, sir.
[OLGA] ♪ Though you've
gone across the sea, ♪
♪ I still see you smile at me.
♪ You and I will
always be a family. ♪
[OLGA] ♪ Treasures new
and treasures old, ♪
♪ Hearts of silver,
hearts of gold. ♪
♪ Happily I will
offer them to you. ♪
♪ Alchemi, Alchema,
♪ Though we may be
worlds apart, oh. ♪
♪ Alchemi, Alchema,
♪ Keep wishing on our star.
♪ You will be in my heart.
[sighs]
[stomach growls]
I'm glad I finally found
a way to escape the ship,
but I guess I probably should've
brought some food with me.
[ELIZABETH squawks]
[OLGA]
I feel like I'm gonna die.
[gasps]
[ELIZABETH squawks]
[OLGA]
A skull wearing a straw hat?
I'm guessing they're pirates.
Huh...?
[OLGA]
That one looks like a moron.
This is gonna be
a piece of cake.
[chuckles]
[CHOPPER gasps]
[BROOK gasps] Oh, dear,
are you all right, Chopper?
Yeah!
I wanna fish some more!
Sweet! Then I'll
keep fishing, too!
[ELIZABETH squawking]
Huh?
[squawking continues]
Whoa. Check it out.
That giant lizard's
running on water!
Uh, I'm pretty sure
that's impossible.
What?
You just step with your left leg
before your right one sinks--
I do it all the time, remember?
[gasps]
Never mind the running,
it has a girl on its back!
[CHOPPER]
She looks unconscious!
We gotta save her!
Just leave it to me!
Hah... Ah!
[squawks]
--Pull!
--[LUFFY chuckles]
[muffled squawking]
[LUFFY yells]
Yeah! I got her!
Luffy!
What are you up to this time?
Oh my.
[gasps]
[squawks]
[FRANKY] We got a kid and a
giant lizard on the crew now?
If Luffy had it his way, that
wouldn't surprise me one bit.
[sighs]
Okay, so where did
they come from?
From the water, where else?
Uh...
Huh.
That's weird.
What'sa matter? She got
a disease or something?
[CHOPPER]
It's not that.
I don't see any wounds
and her pulse is stable,
so whatever's wrong with her,
I don't think it's
life-threatening.
Well... maybe she's asleep?
You shouldn't sleep
outside, my dear.
What if you were
to catch a cold?
Okay. Why don't we
just wake her up?
[gasps]
[groans]
Hey, look. She's awake now!
Ah... Thank you, mister.
I thought I was done for.
[chuckles]
Nobody move!
[gasps]
She's good, isn't she?
[OLGA]
Get over here, Elizabeth!
I'm taking him hostage.
One step and he's dead!
[ELIZABETH squawks]
So unless you want me to
cut your buddy's throat open,
go get me some food
and water right now!
I'm so crazy from hunger,
I can't be held responsible
for my actions!
So make it snappy!
[gasps]
Why would you
take Luffy hostage?
It's not like
he's all that useful.
[sighs]
[ROBIN giggles]
Why are you guys ignoring me?!
I said I want food and water!
[LUFFY] Ugh. I ate boogers
when I was your age.
Gross, I am not gonna
eat your boogers!
Ugh! You guys are a bunch
of pathetic wannabes!
Elizabeth and I could
kick all your sorry butts
any day of the week!
[squawks]
A-ha! She says
there's no need
to be afraid of you.
Hey, wait a sec.
You mean you can
understand what she says?
I sure can!
Oh, wow, that's awesome!
And you're really cute, too!
Aw, you're so
fluffy and huggable!
[gasps] Hey, you don't
need to compliment me!
You can't win me
over with flattery!
You're just like a
sweet little teddy bear!
[CHOPPER rasps]
She's kinda leaving
herself wide open.
[gasps]
[BROOK] She seems to have
forgotten her hostage as well.
[ELIZABETH squeaking]
[gasps] Wait, now I see
what your game is.
Man, that was a close one.
You were trying to distract
me with your cuteness
so I'd let my guard down!
Oh! But I'm way
too smart for that.
Huh?
I know she's just a kid, but
how does somebody that stupid
manage to stay alive that long?
[stomach growls]
All right, you idiots better
give me something
to eat right now or...
...you'll... you'll be sorry...
[gasps]
Are you okay?
[sniffs, gasps]
Eat up.
No way, I bet you
poisoned it or something.
Nah, kid, I'm a chef.
I'd never do anything
to ruin a good meal.
[gulps]
Come on, you can't eat
while you're holding that.
Jeez, kid, take your time.
I can make you
as much as you want.
[squawks]
Elizabeth says, "Thanks
so much for giving Olga
something to eat."
Look, Olga, when you're
finished with that,
we'll need you to
explain who you are, okay?
[ROBIN]
I recognize that pattern.
Isn't that the
script of Alchemi?
Huh? What the heck is Alchemi?
Ugh. I was hoping
nobody would notice.
What, is it somethin' bad?
No, It's an island.
But according to legend,
it disappeared.
About 200 years ago.
[sighs]
Wow, where do you put it all?
I can't help it.
I've never had anything
this good in my life!
Hey, Olga, I wanna know
more about Alchemi.
Can you tell me?
For one thing, I heard
there was a man there
named Acier Myskina who
was researching ways
to refine metal.
[ROBIN]
Eventually, he managed to create
a special metal
called Pure Gold.
[LUFFY]
Pure Gold?
[ROBIN]
It became a legend.
They say it shines
even in darkness.
And that it's valuable enough
to buy everything in the world.
[ROBIN] People have
searched for the Pure Gold
ever since the
stories originated.
But whoever obtains the
treasure is also rumored
to face a terrifying fate.
This Pure Gold thing
sounds like a big deal!
And no one has ever
been able to find it?
And it can buy everything
in the entire world?
Like, everything?
Gimme!
Olga. Are you involved
with Alchemi somehow?
Huh?
You know where to find
the Pure Gold, don't you?
So tell us where it is!
I'm not gonna tell you.
[USOPP laughs]
Wow, kid, you're the
worst liar I've ever seen!
[gasps]
[USOPP]
Saying you're not gonna tell
is a dead giveaway that
you know where it is!
[groans]
Come on, it's okay.
You can trust us.
Even if I did, there's no
way you're ever get to it.
You're just a bunch
of weaklings.
Besides, you probably
won't believe me anyway.
Who cares? It sounds
like a lot of fun!
[chuckles]
Ahh...
[NAMI] Hey, maybe you should
let us take you to Alchemi.
The New World is
full of bad guys.
You might get hurt
if you go by yourself.
But if you're with us, I promise
you'll have nothing
to be afraid of.
[grunts]
Forget it, lady.
I don't need anyone's
help with this!
I do just fine on my own.
If I can't get something
out of someone,
then they aren't
even worth my time.
[FRANKY sobs]
You've been through
so much crap
but you're just a little baby!
Yeah, well, cryin' over me
isn't gonna fix anything.
[gasps] Hey, wait a sec. When
did you change your clothes?
Huh? You mean this?
I just figured if we're gonna go
treasure huntin',
we oughta be prepared,
don't you think?
[chuckles]
Awesome!
Are you ready to do this, Olga?
Huh?!
Have you lost your mind?!
I never said I was doing
anything with you morons!
We're the Straw Hat
Treasure Gang!
[ALL]
Yeah!
[OLGA] Agh! Are you even
listening to me anymore?!
Sorry, there's no
stopping these guys
once they make up their minds.
[gasps]
Hey, Olga. Can I talk to you?
[OLGA]
What now?
[NAMI]
There may be nine of us,
but we'll split the loot
60-40, if you want.
You get the 60, of course.
What's the point of making a
deal with wimpy pirates anyway?
Forget the Pure Gold;
you're not even tough enough
to make it there.
I think I might have something
that'll change your mind.
See?
Would all these bounties
be over a hundred million
if we were wimps?
We'll even take you to
whatever island you like
after we cash in the treasure,
free of charge!
'm giving you a huge bargain
because we're such good friends.
So what do you say, huH?
[OLGA]
Ugh, get off of me!
So it turns out these guys know
what they're doing after all.
Now that I know that,
the best thing for me to do
is manipulate them into
doing whatever I want.
First, I'll make 'em
help me get the Pure Gold,
and then I'll
stab 'em in the back!
If I play my cards right,
I can have the treasure
all to myself!
[chuckles]
Uh, I heard everything
you just said, you know.
Ah.
[NAMI]
That settles it!
Olga has officially
agreed to take us
to the lost island of Alchemi!
She's gonna betray us at
the last minute, though,
so don't let your guard down.
[GROUP chuckles]
So how do you plan on
showing us how to get there?
Do you have an Eternal Pose
or something like that?
I have something even better.
This ring'll lead us straight
to Alchemi, no problem.
You see, this isn't
just any old ring,
it's actually got a tiny piece
of the Pure Gold inside of it,
so I know it won't
lead us astray.
Wow! Does it really?!
Let me look at it!
Hey, cut it out already!
If I let it shine right now,
there's gonna be trouble!
[LUFFY chuckles]
Hey, look alive, Moss Head!
I know. You don't have to
tell me every time,
you dirty cook.
Uh-oh. We've got company!
Huh?
[screaming]
Ah! Oh, dear!
That how it is?
Man, that guy's stubborn.
I knew I didn't like him.
Jalalalalalalala!
[gasps]
That's...
[NAMI]
Mad Treasure!
[LUFFY]
Hmm? You know this guy?
Yeah, he's the world's
greediest treasure hunter.
And that means "cruel
and underhanded," too.
Be careful.
[TREASURE]
Jalala...
So, we found someone who could
see through the camouflage.
Psycho P's Devil Fruit Power
usually does the trick,
but I guess your
Observation Haki's too strong.
Ah. Did he say camouflage?
No, it can't be...
That must mean--
You look troubled.
Is everything all right?
O-Of course! Uh, don't worry
about me, my darling.
Hey, you know this guy, too?
I mean, he's a scumbag
like you, so...
[SANJI] No. But I wish
I'd known about him sooner.
[TREASURE]
Jalalalala...
Let me guess, you're
after the Pure Gold, too.
Yup!
And Olga was just
about to take us to it
before you and your
friends showed up!
Ah.
[TREASURE] The only reason
I let the brat get away
was so we could
follow her to Alchemi.
I won't have
my ticket taken away--
especially not by
a bunch of trash like you.
Now go teach 'em a lesson!
[TREASURE PIRATES yell]
They don't waste
any time, do they?
Here we go!
[GROUP]
Right!
Hey, wouldja look at that?
I think these are the
famous Straw Hat Pirates
who've been making a
name for themselves
in the new world.
Things are about to
get real interesting.
[ZORO grunts]
[TREASURE PIRATE B
grunts, yells]
[TREASURE PIRATE C whimpers]
[TREASURE PIRATE D yelps]
[TREASURE PIRATE E groans]
[grunting]
Exploding Star!
[TREASURE PIRATE H grunts]
[grunting, groaning]
[BOTH gasp]
[SANJI grunts]
My Dos Fleurs should fix this!
[TREASURE PIRATES yelling]
And now Clutch!
[TREASURE PIRATES grunting]
[bones cracking]
[yells]
[FRANKY grunts]
Wow, you guys really are strong!
They must be stupid
to mess with you!
Fear not, young lady, I swear I
will protect you or die trying.
--Oh?
--Ah!
Well, easy for me
to say since I am dead!
[BROOK laughs]
We're fine.
Luffy's the one who took out
that nasty Doflamingo guy.
Huh?
I don't get it,
what's a Doflamingo?
Uh, have you been
living your whole life
under a rock or something?
Well, anyway, just watch Luffy.
I think you'll see you
made the right choice
by going treasure
hunting with us.
Gum-Gum... Gatling!
[TREASURE PIRATES
grunting, groaning]
[LUFFY yelling]
[TREASURE PIRATES groaning]
Nice try!
Ya see, the stronger
the enemy is,
the more fun it is to
crush them under your feet
on the way to the
treasure you're after.
Jalalalalala...
[LUFFY growls]
[TREASURE]
Listen, kid.
Nobody likes a cheater.
I'll go along with your
treasure hunt to the very end.
Well, maybe I don't
want you to come.
It's like I said before:
I can't stand rude guys like--
Yeah, Olga's already
on our side, so get lost!
Hah! Sorry, chumps,
but finders-keepers!
[gasps]
[CHOPPER gasps]
[yelps]
[TREASURE growls]
[OLGA yelps]
[screams]
[TREASURE]
Gotcha!
Nice try, but the Pure Gold
and the key to finding it
belong to me!
[OLGA groaning]
She doesn't belong to you!
Now give her back!
[screams]
Cut it out, Luffy!
If you keep pulling
there won't be anything left!
[grunting]
Jalalalala...
[OLGA whines]
You morons are gonna kill me!
[ZORO]
Hmph!
[TREASURE grunts]
[ALL yell]
[OLGA screams]
That's what I thought.
She had the Pure Gold
with her all along!
The Pure Gold! She lost it!
[OLGA screams]
[BOTH gasp]
[screams]
Great, the world's most valuable
treasure just became fish food.
Well, nobody's gettin'
the treasure now!
So why don't you
just beat it already?
[TREASURE growls]
Olga, you don't look well.
Well, yeah, they almost
squeezed my guts out.
[gasps]
We're in trouble now!
Bonbori is on his way!
Watch out!
Bonbori, huh? Who is that?
[gasping]
[TREASURE growls]
[BONBORI growls]
[BROOK wails]
[OLGA, ROBIN scream]
[sobs]
What's happening?!
[screaming]
Whoa...
[CHOPPER wails]
That's way too big
if you ask me!
That's the legendary giant
footballfish named Bonbori.
And it's too late
to get away now.
[BONBORI growls]
[bellows]
Oh no! This doesn't look good!
--[CHOPPER screams]
--[BROOK] Ya-haah!
Come on, boss man!
I know you got a plan!
[BONBORI bellows]
[FRANKY pants]
Hey, Franky!
I need you to blast us outta
here with a Coup de Burst!
You got it!
We use the
Emergency Escape System.
So you might wanna
hang on to something.
[FRANKY]
Coup de--
No, don't!
[FRANKY gasps]
[OLGA]
You're going the wrong way.
Would you rather
we all get eaten alive?!
Be honest.
You wanna find Pure Gold?
No matter what?
Yup! Sounds like
a good time to me.
Then you don't want to
get out of Bonbori's belly.
Do you know why the lost
island of Alchemi is lost?
'Cause Bonbori swallowed it
a long time ago!
Heh.
But didn't we just see
the Pure Gold get lost
at the bottom of the sea?
That ring only had a tiny
little piece inside of it.
But there's a ginormous,
jumbo-size chunk inside Bonbori!
Ginormous... and jumbo?!
Well, you can count me in!
Franky, dear, turn us about
180 degrees, would you?
Sure!
What is wrong with you?!
If you want a
jumbo-ginormous piece
of Pure Gold, then this
is the only way to get it.
Sweet!
No!
That thing is gonna chew us up
into little pieces!
What's your call, boss?
We're going in there
right behind 'em.
Heh. Well, we've never
done this before.
It's too late to turn
back now anyway.
[LUFFY]
Woo-hoo!
Here we go!
[screams]
[wails]
Come to mama!
[BONBORI bellows]
[wails]
He closed his mouth!
We're dinner!
[BROOK] He'll digest us
if we don't find a way out!
Nothing but our
skeletons will be left!
Ah!
Actually...
No skin off my bones!
Looks like we're not alone!
Did they just get
swallowed on purpose?
How stupid could you be?
Then what does that make you?!
--[NAMI] Hmm?
--They're getting closer!
Jalalalalalalala!
[grunts]
[grunting]
[gasps]
Whatever you do,
you've gotta stay away
from the dangly thing!
The dangly thing?
Oh, you mean the uvula.
[ALL screaming]
Raah!
Be careful, Franky!
He's doing whatever
he can to steer the Sunny
straight into that thing
and make us crash!
I'm trying to dodge,
but... I can't!
It's way too freakin' big!
[BOTH wail]
[screaming]
[LUFFY]
All right!
Gum-Gum... Balloon!
[LUFFY growls]
Hey, nice one, Luffy!
Here, Luffy! Take my hand!
[grunts]
--[LUFFY grunts]
--[BROOK gasps]
[LUFFY yells]
--Oh, dear! I've lost him!
--[CHOPPER] Luffy!
[TREASURE] Jalalala...
Stay outta my way...
or go straight to hell!
[yells]
This is bad, Luffy's
a goner for sure!
Why? Can't he swim back?
The minute you've
eaten a devil fruit,
swimming's no longer an option.
So he'll just sink.
He won't even be able to
use his abilities to escape.
Oh?
Now that I think about it,
it might be handy to have
these guys owe me a favor.
Elizabeth!
[ELIZABETH screeches]
[OLGA] I'm gonna save him!
Be back in a second!
[USOPP]
Great! Now she's gonna die!
Ugh. She is such
a pain in the ass.
[NAMI]
Sanji!
What is it, Nami, my love?!
Let Olga bring Luffy
back on her own.
You need to stay with us!
Luffy's in a pretty bad
spot--then again, so are we.
The waterfall thing's
gotta be his throat--
which means we're on a one-way
track straight to the stomach!
The Gastric juices there
will surely melt our flesh.
Jeez, Robin, you don't
have to be so graphic!
Hang on tight!
We're about to head
over the falls!
[ALL screaming]
[USOPP whimpers]
[grunts]
[yelling]
All right.
How is this gonna go?
This is the most exciting
treasure hunt of all times!
Jalalalala!
[STRAW HAT CREW screams]
[LUFFY]
Oh, man, I'm so exhausted...
[gasps]
[OLGA]
Luffy!
I'm here to help you!
[LUFFY]
Huh...?
[LUFFY gasps]
[LUFFY]
Heh.
Geez. What is this place?
Better hurry up
and find the crew.
Ow, hot!
[yelping]
[OLGA]
Well, that was dumb.
That gastric juice'll
dissolve you in a heartbeat.
Oh, good, you're
not dead either!
[OLGA]
Of course I'm not, you idiot.
If I hadn't just
saved your butt,
you'd be in serious
trouble right about now!
[LUFFY]
Hmm?
[OLGA]
Drowned! Sunk!
Digested!
Like, ten whole different
kinds of messed up!
So if I were you, I'd be
showing me a little gratitude!
Yeah, you're right.
Thanks a lot!
And thank you, too,
E-lizard-beth.
[ELIZABETH squawks]
I didn't expect that
to be so easy.
When you thank me
without a fight,
it makes me feel
like a manipulative jerk.
--[LUFFY] Hey, question.
--[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Are we in that thing's stomach?
[OLGA]
Uh, yeah?
And there's an island in here?
Dude, this place is so awesome!
Yuh-huh. I'm guessing
this is another one
of the islands
Bonbori swallowed.
See, here's the deal.
He actually has three separate
stomachs like this one.
Huh?
[OLGA] Right now,
we're in the first stomach.
If you go through
the second stomach
all the way to the third one,
you'll get to the
lost island of Alchemi.
That's where the Pure Gold is.
[sniffing]
[LUFFY] So if we're inside a
fish, how is the sun shining?
[OLGA] It's not,
that's Bonbori's lantern.
The light coming out of
it is just super bright.
Bright enough to light up
his whole giant belly
from the outside.
And it's because of that that
it'll always be daytime in here.
You sure know a lot
about this thing, huh?
[roars]
[gasps]
[OLGA] Uh-oh! These guys have
bigger appetites than I do!
[roars]
[LUFFY]
Hmph!
Gum-Gum Pistol!
[groans]
[ELIZABETH squeaks]
[BOTH gasp]
[roaring]
[gasps]
Yeah, you did it!
You took him out!
Not too shabby, Straw Hat!
I've waited so long... and now--
What, did this dinosaur
do somethin' to make you mad?
No, it didn't do anything.
I'm just happy I get to eat it!
[OLGA sighs]
I'm stuffed...
My life's dream finally
came true after 200 years.
Wait! Two hundred years?!
Yep. For two
whole centuries now,
I've been surviving on nothing
but the fruit from the trees
and whatever fish
washed up on the beach.
So, yeah, I've pretty
much always dreamed of
getting to pig out
on meat like this.
Ahh...!
That must mean you're like...
...a great-great-great-
great-great grandma!
[gasps] Hey! You can't
say that to a lady!
If I'm a grandma, then that
makes you the oldest grandpa
in the whole world!
And besides, you look like
you're a lot older
than I am.
[LUFFY]
Well, I'm not, I'm only 19.
[gasps]
Seriously?!
That's so weird! You're like
a little baby compared to me!
And you've been alive
for over 200 years
even though you still
look like a little kid?
You sure about that?
Yeah, I know how old I am.
Exactly 200 years ago...
something bad happened
that changed my life forever.
[OLGA] Before that, I was just
a normal girl who lived with
my mom and dad on Alchemi,
or, as some people call it,
the island of steel.
[OLGA] But since my lousy
old man happened to be
the scientist who
invented the Pure Gold?
Of course everything
had to go wrong.
[OLGA] There were some
pirates who found out
about the treasure
and came to take it.
And they ended up
killing my mom.
All of this is
your fault, Daddy!
If you had never made
that stupid Pure Gold,
then Mommy would still be alive!
[OLGA] I'm gonna throw this
piece of junk into the sea!
--[gasps]
--[BONBORI growls]
[OLGA shrieks]
And that was how
I got swallowed up
by Bonbori along with
the island we lived on.
So what happened
to your dad, then?
Well, I guess he must've died
when Alchemi got devoured.
But it serves him right,
I would say.
So, I'm the only one
who survived.
For the last 200 years,
it's been me, myself, and I
living here inside of
Bonbori's stomach.
Wow, Olga. You really have
had it rough, haven't you?
Ah. Not really.
It's actually kind of
a nice place to live.
But then, not long
before we met.
I found my way
out of here by accident.
It wasn't long before some jerks
kidnapped me, though,
and it's been one thing
after another ever since.
Hey, does that mean
you know a way
to get us out of this monster?
Yeah! You bet I do!
I can get you and your friends
out of here with the Pure Gold.
But you have to do
everything I tell you.
[LUFFY]
Sure!
I trust you.
[gasps]
Whatever.
Fine. Just leave
everything to me.
[LUFFY chuckles]
[LUFFY growls]
[screams]
[TREASURE]
Jalalalalala!
Well, well.
And here I was afraid
you might already be dead.
I hope you're ready to take me
to where the Pure Gold is!
[gasps]
[TREASURE growls]
[LUFFY] Olga's already decided
to go on an adventure with me.
Sorry, but you'll have to
work with somebody else.
[TREASURE]
Jalalala...
Oh, is that so?
Well, then I should warn you:
My favorite thing about
collecting treasure
is taking it from somebody else!
[TREASURE]
Jalalala!
[yells]
[LUFFY grunts]
Gum-Gum Gatling!
[grunts, yells]
[LUFFY yells]
Jalala!
[BOTH gasp]
[TREASURE]
Jala...!
Huh?
[LUFFY] Gum-Gum...
Jet Stamp!
[TREASURE grunting]
--[OLGA, ELIZABETH cheer]
--[LUFFY chuckles]
That's what I expect
from someone with a
500 million bounty!
You're just the kind of
opponent that makes
treasure hunting so much fun.
I appreciate that.
But...
[gasps]
...your part is over now.
[USOPP groans]
[NAMI grunts]
[gasps]
[TREASURE]
Jalalalalalala!
We're so sorry, Luffy!
He captured us after
we fell into the water!
There was nothing we could do
to defend ourselves! [sobs]
[BOTH groaning]
Luffy!
[LUFFY growls]
Stop right there!
Or your friends
are gonna get it!
[GROUP groans]
[ROBIN whimpers]
[rasping]
Let 'em go!
[TREASURE]
Jalalalala!
If you care about your buddies,
you won't move a single muscle!
Now, Chain Lock.
[yells]
[GROUP]
Luffy!
You're not playing fair
at all, you big coward!
Let me be perfectly clear:
I didn't come all the way here
for a polite competition
among friends.
I'm here to hunt down that
treasure and take it with me!
And I'm prepared to use any foul
play and dirty tricks necessary
to make that happen.
Listen, Olga. This is where
Straw Hat bows out.
So be a good little girl
and show me where
to find the Pure Gold.
Otherwise, I'll have to kill
everybody on this beach.
And that includes you.
[gasps]
All right, fine.
But only if you split
the treasure with me!
Fifty-fifty!
You must be out of your
damn mind if you think that
I'm gonna give you
an even split!
Well, I'm the only one who
knows how to get out
of Bonbori's belly,
so what choice do you have?
[TREASURE] So, in addition
to being the only one who knows
how to get the treasure,
you're also the only one here
who knows the way
out of this fish
once we've got our hands on it.
All right, kid, fair enough.
You got a deal.
Olga! No!
As soon as he gets outside,
he's gonna kill you!
Just run away!
It's your fault for letting
yourself get captured!
I have no choice but to finish
the adventure with someone else.
[NAMI, ROBIN groan]
[OLGA] You know, it's really
gonna suck if your ship
gets dissolved in
the gastric juices.
[TREASURE] Jalalalalalala... The
Shark Emeralda's been reinforced
with steel and jewels
on every side,
so it's more than sturdy enough
to get through this mess.
[LUFFY grunting]
[OLGA]
I do need one favor though.
I'd be a whole lot happier if
you didn't kill Straw Hat.
At least not right now.
Isn't that sweet?
You've already made
yourself a little friend.
No, it's nothing
stupid like that.
In case you hadn't noticed,
I'm still just a kid.
If I see a dead body,
then I'll probably be too scared
to sleep at night.
Olga, please...!
Well, isn't that the cutest
thing you've ever heard?
I don't even care if you're
telling the truth or not!
Besides, I have to
keep you happy
until the Pure Gold is
safely in my hands, don't I?
Jalalalalalalalalala!
It won't be long before
the tide comes in, Straw Hat.
Having you die slowly
is more satisfying anyway.
So enjoy the wait, because
you won't get out of this one.
You're gonna die here.
Luffy!
[BROOK, grunt]
[groaning]
[TREASURE]
No!
Jalalalala!
[growls]
[LUFFY gasps]
[sizzling]
[yells]
[LUFFY groaning]
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[T-REX A growling]
[roars]
Huh? [screams]
[squawks]
[squeaks]
[BOTH squeak]
[squaking, squawking]
[ACIER growls]
Honestly!
Feeding time was
supposed to be ages ago!
If she doesn't show up soon,
I may actually starve to death!
[LUFFY]
Hey! Let me outta here!
[LUFFY growls]
What gives?
[T-REX PUPS squeaking]
[LUFFY]
Damn it!
[growling]
I got it!
Now, Gum-Gum...
...Stamp!
[T-REX A roars]
[grunts] Whew, can't believe
I was almost dino dinner!
Hey, maybe I'll
eat them instead!
[T-REX PUP squawk]
[squeaking]
Aw... Man, how am I
supposed to catch 'em like this?
[ACIER]
My word!
I never thought I'd meet
another human being
inside the belly of a fish!
You!
[screams]
[ACIER yells]
It's another one!
But fatter!
[ACIER]
How rude!
Anyone can see that I'm an
ordinary human, just like you!
Uh... Actually, I don't know
what's going on with your body.
You are... uh,
human, aren't you?
[LUFFY] I don't look
any weirder than you do.
[ACIER]
Hmm...
This chain goes over
the top of that one there.
[LUFFY gasps]
This is surprisingly
complicated.
[LUFFY grunting]
[ACIER]
There! And now you're free.
[LUFFY]
Sweet! Thanks a lot, gramps!
I should be the one
thanking you, young man.
It's been far too long
since I was able to have
a conversation
with another person.
I get it.
You were swallowed up by
the sea monster, too, huh?
Yes. It was two centuries ago.
I was swallowed along
with the island I lived on.
I somehow avoided
being broken down
by the gastric juices, but...
[T-REX A roars]
[ACIER] ...for whatever reason,
this place is full of dinosaurs!
I wasn't able to escape.
So I decided that I would
live as one of them.
[ACIER] It was nothing
but meat, day after day.
I can't tell you how much
I miss vegetables.
[LUFFY]
How picky can you be, old man?
Meat is the best thing ever!
The other person who
lives here's been eating
nothing but fruit
for 200 years!
[ACIER]
Wait, someone else is here?
Yep. Hmm.
Olga.
She's a pretty
weird little girl,
but I think you'd like her.
[ACIER gasps]
Olga...?
[gasps]
Olga. But that's
my daughter's name.
[ACIER]
So she's alive!
[sobs] I've never been
so happy in my life!
[chuckles]
Tell me! Tell me where
I can find her!
She got kidnapped by a
jerk named Mad Treasure.
[gasps]
He's got my friends, too,
so I'm gonna save 'em all.
Well, see ya!
Thanks again for helping me out.
Would you please take me
there with you?!
I have to get Olga back!
[LUFFY]
Sure thing.
Let's get moving, then.
You can call me Luffy.
[chuckles]
First, we need to build a ship.
It's the only way
to get across this.
Just wait here a minute,
I'll go look for some materials.
Huh?
[squawks]
[LUFFY grunting]
Wouldn't it be easier if
we rode this thing over?
[squawks]
Water Lizards do have
the ability to cross
the gastric juices,
but that doesn't mean
that they'll cooperate.
Aw, come on!
It won't take that long!
All right, then.
Let me try asking him.
[blabbering]
[squawking]
[babbles]
That seems fair enough.
He says he'll be
friends with you,
but only if you can make him
laugh in a staring contest.
Whoa, that's
really cool, gramps!
But how did you understand him?
I thought that
would be obvious.
I did spend
200 years as a dinosaur.
All right, got it!
Rubber Powers are good
for more than just punching.
[grunting]
[LUFFY groans]
Aw, crap, this guy's
gonna be hard to break!
Now, now, Luffy.
Only an amateur tries
to get laughs by force.
There's a much better way.
The most important element
of comedy is contrast.
For example, the difference
between my handsome face
and my funny face.
The routine I'm about to
show you is guaranteed
to have your audience
rolling in the aisles.
[ACIER] First, I'll give you a
good look at my handsome face!
[BOTH laughing]
You weren't kidding!
That's hilarious!
Hmm?
What's wrong?
[ACIER]
Nothing...
Everything's fine...
Okay, Chavez, it's up to you!
[squawks]
[TREASURE PIRATES groaning]
[USOPP groaning]
[grunting]
[BROOK groaning]
He sure is working
us to the bone.
You guys...
What about Luffy, huh?
But not just Luffy.
Zoro, Franky, and Sanji, too.
It sure must be nice
to be a girl.
All you two have to do
is beat the drum.
I hope the Sunny
doesn't get destroyed
by Bonbori's gastric
juices before we find
a way out of this mess.
[CHOPPER, USOPP gasp]
[USOPP] Do you really have
to keep bringing that up?!
[BROOK]
Oh, sorry.
Don't worry, you guys.
Whatever happens,
we'll all make it through.
Just have a little faith, okay?
Yeah, you're right, Nami!
--[USOPP grunts]
--[BROOK rasps]
[NAMI groans]
[TREASURE]
Hey!
[NAMI]
Hngh?
Slaves aren't supposed
to run their mouths.
Less talking, more rowing.
[NAMI grunts]
Damn you, Treasure...
Hey, I know you.
You're that Cat Burglar
from way back when.
Well, now.
You want more torture?
Back off. I'm not scared!
I have my friends this time!
You have your friends, huh?
What difference does that make?
Only fools put their
trust in other people.
Jalalalalala...
[gasps]
Well, that was awkward.
You and that greedy loser
know each other?
Sort of.
It was a long time ago.
I stole some of his treasure--
or I tried to, at least.
[NAMI] When I finally
made it to the safe
where he kept it all,
somebody else was
already in there taking it.
[NAMI] She was one
of my biggest rivals.
[NAMI]
But we made a mistake,
and Mad Treasure ended up
catching the both of us.
[NAMI] And then... she used me
as a decoy and got away.
You know...
...I almost got killed
because of what she did.
He was right.
It's stupid to put your
trust in other people.
You're better off
just using them.
[NAMI]
No, Olga.
[gasps]
It's true you shouldn't
trust just anybody.
But a true friend
will be there for you.
And Luffy's a true friend,
so I know he's gonna
come get us outta here.
[ACIER] It's the next
stomach after this one.
[CHAVEZ squawks]
[LUFFY screams]
[LUFFY] Wouldn't wanna
swim in that stuff!
[CHAVEZ squawking]
[screams]
Chavez, are you okay?!
He can't keep this up! It's
starting to get to his legs!
We'd better find
somewhere he can rest awhile!
[gasps]
It's the Sunny!
[CHAVEZ sighs]
Sunny! Am I glad to see you!
I assume this fine
vessel belongs to you?
[LUFFY]
Yup! This is the Thousand Sunny!
Can I help you gentlemen?
Oh, hey, great!
It's Zoro, Sanji, and Franky!
[BOTH gasp]
Why are your shipmates
trying to murder us?!
[FAKE FRANKY A]
Have gun! Must kill Straw Hat!
[FAKE SANJI A] Ahh! I will
cook you a pain sandwich!
[FAKE ZORO A]
Give it up! Or I will cut you!
[LUFFY gasps] Why are
you guys extra lame today?!
[FAKE SANJI A yells]
[gasps]
[FAKE ZORO A growls]
[FAKE SANJI A]
Ahh! Food stuff!
I dunno what that was,
but Gum-Gum Pistol!
[BOTH groan]
[FAKE FRANKY A growls]
[LUFFY growls, yells]
--[FAKE FRANKY A grunts]
--[FAKE FRANKY B groans]
What the heck is going on here?!
Why are there so many of you?!
Luffy?
I don't know your crew, but I
assume that they're fakes.
You think so?
[PSYCHO P]
My colorful little toys.
You could tell they were decoys.
Nice work, boys.
Too bad, though.
Because your efforts'll
be null and void
as soon as you've
been destroyed.
[BOTH gasp]
Heads up.
Copy Paint!
[FAKE ZOROS growl]
Cool! Zoros everywhere!
[FAKE ZOROS yelling]
[ACIER]
Not the best paint job...
You clown Zoros
don't scare me!
[FAKE ZORO B yelps]
[FAKE ZOROS yelling]
--[LUFFY yells]
--[FAKE ZOROS screaming]
Next wave-- Go!
[yelps]
[LUFFY]
Which one's the real old man?
[FAKE ACIER A grunts]
[FAKE ACIER B growls]
[FAKE ACIER C, D yell]
[FAKE ACIER A growls]
Ugh! Whatever, I'll just beat
the crap outta all of you!
[FAKE ACIER F] If you hit me
with that power of yours,
I'll die on the spot!
[FAKE ACIERS]
Yeah! He's right!
[LUFFY]
This is annoying!
Wait! Old man!
Make that funny face again!
Oh, the handsome face?
I'd be glad to.
[ACIER]
Here goes!
This is all the proof you need.
Look closely!
[FAKE ACIERS]
Huh?!
[laughs]
It gets funnier
every time I see it!
Gum-Gum... Gatling!
[FAKE ACIERS yelling]
Heh. This kid's got
some serious skill.
[LUFFY] Dude, I can't
get over that goofy face!
[chuckles]
[ACIER] I suppose it's a victory
if only my pride was hurt...
[PSYCHO P]
Camo Paint!
I can see from
that strong attack
that you've got a
knack for combat.
So I'll cut you some slack
and not talk smack,
but I will be back!
Psycho P out!
I don't get that guy.
Anyway, let's go!
[OLGA] Finally, we're
in the third stomach!
That's Alchemi, the
island where I was born--
and where the Pure Gold's
been hiding all these years!
[OLGA] Inside this abandoned
mine, there's a laboratory.
That's where you'll
find the treasure.
[NAOMI gulping]
Ahh...
[NAOMI] Hey, there's
a note or somethin'.
Nico Robin.
You're the archaeologist
around here, aren't you?
[ROBIN grunts]
Why don't you read it to me?
[rasps]
All right, I will...
[ROBIN] "All those who
dare invade this land
in search of glimmering gold.
will surely be
punished by death."
"Death"?! But I don't wanna!
"My name is...
...Acier Myskina."
[OLGA]
Acier...?
What? Do you know him?
[OLGA]
You bet I do!
He's the creator of the Pure
Gold--and he's my idiot father!
[TREASURE PIRATES screaming]
--What the...?
--[CHOPPER whimpers]
[TREASURE PIRATE R]
B-Boss...
[gasps]
We didn't stand a chance...
[gasping, screaming]
Why, he's as dead as me!
Good thing we sent a bunch
of our other guys ahead
or that coulda been us.
The only thing better
than a treasure hunt
is a treasure hunt with
the thrill of danger!
[BROOK]
I... I'm already dead, you see.
So, if... if I get
killed by something,
th-then I won't die, uh,
because I'm dead...
Ha. Yes.
[NAOMI] Yeah, I'm guessin'
there's a trap in here.
[ROBIN]
Peacock Organ.
It says here, "Only those
who are strong of mind
and gifted with song
can hope to approach
the shining brilliance
of the Pure Gold."
So what do you think it means?
I assume... if you can
play the song exactly
as it's written, then
you survive and move on.
But if you miss even one note,
you'll be hit with
a rain of arrows.
No way!
[BROOK] I believe I may be
the best man for the job.
[TREASURE]
Huh...?
I am the crew's musician.
Jalalalalala!
Oh, this is just too perfect!
But look--you better not
make a single mistake.
Do you understand me?
Because that would
mean certain death.
Not only for you...
[grunts]
[groaning]
[TREASURE] ...but all
your little friends, too!
[BROOK]
I'm fully aware of that.
But I'm prepared to lay down
my life for my companions.
And not just because
I'm already dead.
Please don't screw up, Brook!
[BROOK] It looks like
a beautiful lullaby.
[organ plays]
I know this song!
[OLGA'S MOM] ♪ Though you've
gone across the sea, ♪
♪ I still see you smile at me.
♪ You and I will
always be a family. ♪
♪ Treasures new
and treasures old, ♪
♪ hearts of silver,
hearts of gold. ♪
♪ Happily I will
offer them to you. ♪
[BROOK gasps]
What's the matter?!
That wasn't the end
of the song, was it?
[BROOK] I may have lost my
flesh, but I'm still a musician!
So, even if the score
is flawed or incomplete...
...I must determine
the composer's intent!
The next phrase
should go like this...
[organ plays]
--[BROOK grunts]
--[music stops]
[BOTH gasp]
Is something wrong?
[screams]
Now, Cien Fleurs!
Nice catch!
Just keep playing, Brook.
Right! Now then--
[organ plays]
[TREASURE]
Huh...
[BROOK growls]
[gasps]
[CHOPPER whoops]
Ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya!
Great!
Robin and Chopper just
bought him another shot!
Let us take care of
the arrows for you!
Good! Thank you both!
[organ plays]
--[music stops]
--[BROOK growls]
--[organ playing resumes]
--And, Mil Fleurs!
Gigantesco Mano!
Chopper and Robin's Vortex!
[CHOPPER whoops]
This is incredible.
How can he...
[OLGA] How can he trust
his friends with his life
and not run away?
[BROOK sighs] I can't
figure out the next part!
It seems I still have
a great deal to learn.
Whatever the composer wanted
to express with this song,
I can't tell what it is!
But if this keeps up, it
won't be long before
Robin and Chopper get injured!
I... I just...
need some kind of clue!
I'll sing it for you,
just try to follow along!
--[gasps]
--Olga! Stay away from there!
You'll get hurt!
♪ Though you've
gone across the sea. ♪
♪ I still see you smile at me.
♪ You and I will
always be a family. ♪
[BROOK sighs]
♪ Treasures new
and treasures old. ♪
♪ Hearts of silver,
hearts of gold. ♪
♪ Happily I will
offer them to you. ♪
[organ plays]
[OLGA]
♪ Alchemi, Alchema
♪ Though we may
be worlds apart, oh. ♪
♪ Alchemi, Alchema
♪ Keep wishing on our star.
♪ You will be in my heart.
Did it work?
Jalalalalalala...
Looks like you passed
the test, Maestro.
[TREASURE] The door to
the next room is wide open.
Jalalalalalala...
Can't let 'em die just yet.
It'd be a shame if my
little tools got broken.
[BROOK]
You were magnificent, Olga.
Thanks to you, the message
of that lovely melody
touched me to the bone.
I see now how brilliantly
the song was filled
with a parent's love
for their child.
But how did you
already know the words?
[OLGA]
Well, when I was a little girl,
my mom used to sing it
to me all the time,
and I guess...
I never forgot it.
Wow, your family must
have loved you a lot!
[OLGA]
That's not true, stupid!
[growls
That's... my favorite song...
Why did my loser father
pick that one?
[PSYCHO P]
We got trouble, boss!
[PSYCHO P wheezes]
[NAOMI]
What's your problem?
[TREASURE] You killed Straw Hat
and the rest of his posse
like I told you to, right?
I gave it a try,
but he just won't die!
[gasping]
[TREASURE]
He doesn't know when to quit.
You two guard the entrance.
Don't let anyone in.
Told you he was okay!
Uh-huh!
We just have to hold out
till he gets here!
Hey. How much longer?
There. All done. If my
calculations are correct,
then Chavez's legs should
survive the rest of the journey.
[squawks]
[ACIER, LUFFY]
Hmm?
[ZORO] Hey. Need a
little help over there?
[SANJI]
Huh? Me?
Stop kidding yourself.
You're the one who looks
like you're getting all
worn out, ya little wuss.
Wha--?!
I'm not gonna take any crap
from a slimy pervert like you!
Could those be
the friends you were
looking for earlier, by chance?
I dunno, they might be fakes.
I better double check.
Gum-Gum... Pistol!
[ZORO]
Gum-Gum...?
Hey, it's Luffy!
[LUFFY growls]
Hold up, Luffy! It's me, Sanji!
The real one?!
But that's exactly what
a fake Sanji would say!
No-Sword Style... Tatsumaki!
[LUFFY grunts]
[SANJI] Does this seem
like a fake Sanji to you?!
[LUFFY grunts]
Okay, these guys
are the real deal!
Damn right.
Did you really have to do that?
[chuckles]
Hey, gramps,
my friends are here!
Yes, and I see they're
just as powerful as you are.
It looks like I'm in good hands.
Uh-huh! [chukles]
[approaching footsteps]
[FRANKY]
All right, Luffy!
I knew you were still alive!
--[crashing]
--[LUFFY gasps]
[LUFFY]
Franky!
[FRANKY chuckles]
So what happened to
the rest of the crew, huh?
They off havin'
a picnic or what?
No, not exactly.
That chain guy kidnapped 'em and
now I don't know where they are.
[ZORO]
What?!
[SANJI]
No way!
I know what we should do.
Let me just upgrade the Sunny
so we can get across this acid.
This is some pretty
nasty stuff though.
And I'd hate to see my
masterpiece or my friends
get dissolved,
so it might take some time.
[SANJI]
We don't have time!
[CHAVEZ, ACIER gasp]
We have to go now.
Every second we wait here
is another second
that Nami and Robin
are in danger!
I can't sit still--I need
an outlet for all this rage!
[ACIER]
He can fly?!
Sky Walk!
[SANJI] Never fear,
my darlings, I'll save you!
We're taking off, too, okay?
I'll start on
the Sunny right away.
We can catch up later, yeah?
Thanks, Franky!
All right, so where do you guys
think Mad Treasure got off to?
I'm sure he's reached
Alchemi by now.
That's where they're headed.
Then that's where we're going!
Which way, old man?
[TREASURE PIRATES yelling]
[TRICERATOPS roaring]
[ROBIN]
"The Eagle Bridge."
"To be considered worthy
of this coveted treasure,
one must first demonstrate
extraordinary courage
as well as exemplary
powers of concentration.
"To create the bridge,
simply strike this eagle."
So if we can hit that target,
then the bridge'll come down?
Well, I guess if we don't,
we've hit a dead end, huh?
[TREASURE] I think it's
the reindeer's turn.
--[TREASURE PIRATE T grunts]
--[CHOPPER screams]
[TRICERATOPS A roars]
[CHOPPER gasps]
Arm Point, go!
Cloven Roseo!
Usopp!
[USOPP] Hmm? Hey, I'm good
at hitting targets.
Unchain me and I
promise you I'll get it!
Be my guest, but if
you come running back scared,
I'm killing your little buddy.
Can't have him bringing
that dinosaur over here.
Yeah, yeah!
Usopp! I'm okay, just shoot!
[USOPP] It's not too far,
and there's no wind
inside this fish which means it
should hit right in the middle!
A little Skull Bombgrass
should handle this easy!
[gasps]
[CHOPPER]
What's wrong?
There's a super-fast
current that's rising up
from the stomach
acid underneath us!
And there's no pattern
to when it shoots up!
I can't measure the trajectory!
Where'd that come from?!
[PTERODACTYL A roars]
Usopp, be careful!
It's after you!
[USOPP yelps]
[CHOPPER grunts]
[PTERODACTYL A roars]
[CHOPPER yells]
Here we go.
Exploding Star!
[USOPP]
No, no, no--!
[screams]
[TRICERATOPS A roars]
[CHOPPER]
Cloven Roseo!
I'll stall him as long as I can!
But you're the only person
here who can hit that target!
[USOPP whimpers]
[USOPP]
Easy for him to say.
That random updraft's throwing
a wrench in everything.
How am I s'posed
to predict it?!
[gasps]
Right!
I'll just generate a current
in the opposite direction!
That should help me time it!
[USOPP grunts]
[PTERODACTYL A roars]
One more Skull Bombgrass,
but for real this time!
[PTERODACTYL A roars]
[USOPP grunts]
[USOPP]
Now!
[USOPP grunts]
Bullseye!
[TRICERATOPS A roars]
[sighs]
Jalalala...
That's beautiful work.
You're just the tools I needed.
Hah.
Oh no! Are you gonna be okay?
He'd better. It's too
early to break down.
[growls]
'Cause I need every one of you
to keep working hard for me.
--Jalalalalalalala...
--[growls]
[LUFFY]
So this is Alchemi, huh?
[ACIER] It's changed
since the gastric juice
started breaking things down,
but I'm sure
the mineshaft is the same.
And the Pure Gold is
in there somewhere, huh?
I'm more interested
in saving the ladies.
Let's hurry!
[ALL grunt]
Don't cry, but this is
where you're gonna die.
Goodbye!
[TREASURE PIRATES yelling]
An ambush!
[ZORO grunts]
[TREASURE PIRATES groaning]
[ZORO grunting]
[TREASURE PIRATES yell]
[PSYCHO P]
Shoot!
[SANJI grunts]
Go ahead, Luffy.
We'll keep the goons busy.
Yeah!
Gum-Gum Pistol!
[gasps]
[PSYCHO P groans]
[LUFFY] Come on, gramps,
you lead the way!
[screams]
[TREASURE PIRATES yelling]
Whoa, what is that?
[ROBIN]
"The Final Gate."
"Only those worthy of trust
are worthy of treasure.
Let the faith of your
companions hold you up
as the key searches
for the truth.
Beyond this door
lies the gold you seek."
We've made it at last.
[CHOPPER] Yeah, but what
are we s'posed to do now?
[ROBIN] We have a key and
a door in the alligator's mouth.
Seems simple enough.
You say that,
but I'm sure there's
some awful trap involved.
[TREASURE]
I don't care.
It's up to you to
figure that part out.
This is your final job.
Those teeth aren't
just decoration, huh?!
[BROOK]
Yeah! Go figure!
[CHOPPER grunts]
Nami! Hurry up with that key!
[NAMI]
Right!
I don't have time
to figure this out.
[screams]
What happened, Nami?!
There's a bunch of keyholes
and it punishes you
for choosing wrong.
[USOPP gasps]
[CHOPPER] I think this
thing is getting heavier!
Just do it! Hurry up!
[BROOK]
Give it your best!
[NAMI]
There are 17 keyholes left.
I don't see any
clues here, though.
[screams]
[USOPP, CHOPPER, BROOK yell]
I dunno how many more
wrong answers we can take!
[grunting]
[BROOK]
My vertebrae!
--[bone cracks]
--[gasps]
[TREASURE]
Now, this is fun!
Long as I'm standing
over here, that is.
[NAMI]
Fifteen left.
[USOPP growls]
[NAMI]
Ten left!
[CHOPPER groans]
[NAMI]
C'mon! Five left!
[groaning]
[NAMI growls]
[gasps]
[OLGA]
Here! I'll do it!
[OLGA] There's only two
we haven't tried yet,
but I might not
have time for both.
[OLGA]
Is it the left one?
Or the right?
[OLGA] I just...
have to hope for the best!
[screams]
[GROUP]
We can't hold out!
[TREASURE]
Jalalalalalala...
[LUFFY]
Are you okay, guys?!
Huh?
[growls]
[CHOPPER]
Luffy!
I'll save you!
Gum-Gum Jet Pistol!
[TREASURE]
Huh?!
All right, fine.
I got shocked for nothing,
but at least it's over now.
[USOPP] Puzzles never were
Luffy's strong point, huh?
You jerk!
If you hurt my friends,
I'll make you pay!
Heh! Don't worry, it's the
traps that hurt 'em--
I just used them as tools.
[TREASURE PIRATE T yelps]
[ROBIN grunts]
[ACIER pants]
[gasps]
[ACIER]
Huh...?
[gasps]
[ACIER]
I'm here, Olga!
--[gasps]
--[grunts]
[gasps]
Is that you?
Are you really my old man?
[whimpers]
[chuckles softly]
Olga. Listen to me. You
and Luffy need to escape.
This is all I can do.
[gasps]
[screaming]
[ALL grunting]
[LUFFY]
A mystery staircase?
I hope it doesn't
lead to more traps.
Either way,
we can't get back up.
We'll just have to
take our chances.
This is it!
That's the Pure Gold!
[LUFFY gasps]
Sure looks like treasure, huh?!
[gasps]
You said I can buy the
whole world with this, right?!
This is cool and everything,
but what's with the dark room?
I expected something fancy.
This is my dad's
crappy, old lab.
That was... really him.
I can't believe he's alive.
He's funny.
He got caught by a whole
bunch of dinosaurs
and then pretended to be one.
[OLGA] He's been in Bonbori's
stomach this whole time?
Uh-huh.
When I told him you were alive,
he cried and cried.
[gasps]
Interesting.
Did you find something?
I think this is
Acier's research journal.
[OLGA gasps]
"At last...
I've uncovered the final
secret to making Pure Gold.
As a scientist, I know I
shouldn't cross this boundary.
But even if I had to
sell my soul to the devil,
I would do it to save my
daughter from the illness
that threatens her life."
Wait. My illness?
[ROBIN] "The light of Pure Gold
has a strange property
that can only be
described as miraculous.
It suppresses the growth
and aging, of any living thing.
Therefore, if my daughter
is given constant exposure
to the light, it should halt
the progression of her illness."
[ACIER]
This is a very special gift.
Don't ever take
it off, all right?
The Pure Gold in your ring.
isn't there to lead you
back to the lab.
It's there to keep you alive,
and as a side-effect,
ageless as well.
No way...
[NAMI] So you weren't
lying about your age.
Wow, 200, though.
[BROOK] I thought
I looked good for my age,
but I can't compete
with that at all!
[OLGA] He didn't show it,
but thinking back,
I'm sure Dad was suffering just
as bad as me when Mom died.
[OLGA] All he wanted to do was
to save his daughter's life,
but I hated him...
and I hated Pure Gold...
I can't believe
how stupid I've been...
For 200 years,
I've held this grudge...
...against the man who
worked so hard to save me...
[sobs]
You're Acier Myskina, right?
What are you
trying to pull here?
[ACIER] For 200 years,
my daughter was lost to me,
and I was helpless
to protect her.
Now, I have that chance.
Despite all that's happened, I'm
happy to have lived this long.
I thought someone
like you might come.
So I set explosives
for just such an occasion.
[grunts]
Olga... I'll always love you.
[GROUP screaming]
[yelps]
Guys!
We gotta get outta here!
That stupid old man must've hit
some self-destruct switch!
[gasping]
I'll protect her
till my last breath!
[screams]
No!
[screaming]
[screaming continues]
Gum-Gum...
...Balloon!
[GROUP gasp]
[grunts]
[USOPP grunts]
[NAMI groans, gasps]
The treasure!
[OLGA]
It's safe! There!
[TREASURE growls]
Jalalalalalaa...!
[BOTH gasp]
[gasping]
[gasps]
[TREASURE] Sorry you don't
get your heroic death,
but this isn't a fairy tale!
Now get lost!
[ACIER groans]
Are you okay?!
The ultimate treasure.
With this, you
could live hundreds,
maybe even thousands of years.
For all their riches,
the Celestial Dragons
would still drool over
something so grand!
There's only one!
And now it's mine, all mine!
I'm the greatest
treasure hunter alive!
Jalalalalalalalala!
Jaa... lalalalalalalalalaa...!
Jalalalalahalahalahahaa!
[ACIER]
Luffy... I failed...
I had hoped...
that the falling rocks...
...would have buried
him and I...
[groans]
[OLGA] You can't just
die whenever you like!
I'll have you know--
I've held a grudge
against you for 200 years!
You can't leave me
alone again...
...not until we've
settled this, okay?
You made the Pure Gold,
because you knew that I
would die without it, right?
But you never told me a thing...
How was I supposed to feel...?
[whimpers]
[OLGA]
You're a real pain, Daddy...
But thank you...
[whimpers]
I'm sorry.
I tried my best.
[TREASURE]
Jalalalalala...
Jahalahalaa!
Jahalahalahalahahahaa...!
[LUFFY] If you ask me, you
got nothin' to laugh about.
[TREASURE]
What...?
[LUFFY] How many of
your friends did you lose
trying to get that treasure?
Do you really think
it's worth that price?
What the hell are you
getting mad for?
They're not your friends.
And think for a second--
If you have money and power,
you can have as many
friends as you like!
[grunting]
[TREASURE] You can buy them
by preying on their greed,
threaten them
by preying on their fear.
Or, if they won't play along,
you can just enslave them
like I did with your crew.
I think I might keep them
around a while, actually.
That's to say, after I dispose
of their captain, of course.
[gasps]
Oh no...
[gasping]
What's that?!
Don't ask me!
[ACIER] Bonbori is reacting
to the light of the Pure Gold.
This could get messy!
[TREASURE]
Jalalala...
Jalalalala...
[growls]
Screw money.
Who needs something as petty as
that when you can live forever?!
With this power,
I can hunt for treasure
until the end of time!
Hunt all the
treasure you want,
but you're not hunting
a damn thing with my crew!
Now, give 'em back!
[LUFFY, TREASURE growling]
[BOTH grunt]
[LUFFY yells]
[yells]
Luffy, no!
[groans]
[yells]
[TREASURE gronas]
[LUFFY]
I said give 'em back!
You jerk!
Drop the sentimental crap!
This is a fight
to the death, boy!
[ZORO]
Three-Sword Style... Tatsumaki!
[TREASURE PIRATES screaming]
[TREASURE PIRATE Y groans]
[TREASURE PIRATE Z
yells, grunts]
[TREASURE PIRATE AA groans]
Hey, wassup?!
Haah!
[SANJI grunts, growls]
Mad Chain!
[yells]
[LUFFY grunting]
[groans]
[yelps]
[yells]
Now Second Gear!
[growls]
[LUFFY grunting]
[groans, growls]
[LUFFY growls]
[TREASURE groans]
Is he okay?!
They're in the digestive fluid!
Luffy's legs aren't gonna melt
off or something, are they?!
[yells]
[grunts]
[BOTH growling]
[whimpers]
[CHOPPER] Yikes! Now our
legs are gonna melt!
The Pure Gold got
Bonbori too worked up!
If we don't do something,
the whole island'll be
dissolved and us with it!
[CHOPPER gasps]
[screaming]
[squealing]
[BOTH]
Aw, yeah!
[FRANKY]
Iron Pirate... General Franky!
[USOPP, CHOPPER, BROOK]
Yeah-hoo!
Is that a robot?!
You guys ready?
Let's move those butts!
I beefed up the Sunny and parked
it pretty close to here.
Now... let's go for a ride!
[SANJI growls]
I'm rockin' my camo
don't you know,
you ain't supposed
to see me, bro!
Invisibility isn't gonna
work on me. Sorry.
If there's a dirty trick
you can pull,
I've already thought of it.
[ZORO] Six senses, born of eyes,
ears, nose, tongue, body...
...and mind.
[NAOMI growls]
Multiplied by three reactions.
Positive... Negative...
and neutral!
[NAOMI yells]
Eighteen feelings detached
or attached to pleasure.
One life...
Thirty-six Earthly desires!
[gasps]
I'm sure we could both
go for a drink about now.
So why don't we wrap this up?
One-Sword Style.
Thirty-Six Caliber Phoenix!
--[ZORO growls]
--[NAOMI screams]
Sober-up!
Stimulus Strike!
No!
[NAOMI whimpers softly]
[ZORO] Aw, she never seen
a special move before?
I didn't think
she'd pass out on me.
I wonder if it was
a bit too flashy...
In a way, I owe you one.
'Cause you've given me new hope.
[PSYCHO P]
What does that mean?
[SANJI] After I found out
that someone else ate
the Clear Clear Fruit,
I gave up on my dream
of becoming invisible.
But now... I see that
there are other powers
with the same effect.
So! The Devil Fruit
I've longed for
may still be out there
waiting for me!
You're talkin crazy talk,
why don't you take a walk!
All men dream of peeping.
Uh, sorry...
I mean, all men must
dream of something!
[PSYCHO P gasps]
You're a man, right?!
I know you have a dream,
the same as I do!
No way!
Not like you!
You're just a... creep!
[SANJI]
And you're just a damn liar!
You can live out every man's
fantasy... and you...
...won't even try it?!
[PSYCHO P grunts]
This is for every boy
who dared to believe in fantasy!
[yells]
[gasps]
[SANJI]
Remember-My-Dream!
[PSYCHO P screams]
Naked girls--I mean--
Never give up on your dream!
[LUFFY grunts]
[yells]
[TREASURE groans]
[LUFFY yelps]
Luffy!
[LUFFY growls]
What is your problem?!
If you sacrifice your
friends for treasure,
it won't be worth anything!
There's no point anymore!
All the treasures and
adventures in the world
are useless without friends
to share them with!
Huh...?
Why the hell would
I need friends, huh?
If I want treasure,
all I really need are tools.
And when I'm done with them,
I throw them away.
I don't need people
to give my life meaning.
[growls]
[TREASURE]
Mad Chain! Gigantea!
Jalala!
[yells]
[BOTH grunt]
[TREASURE groans]
[growls]
Let me ask you this!
You took to the sea to find
the One Piece, didn't you?
So you would do
anything to have it.
What if that means
sacrificing a friend?!
Do you just give up and go home?
Because the treasure
goes to the ones
who will stop at
nothing to get it!
Sacrificing a friend
is giving up.
I won't lose... because I
have all my friends with me.
The treasure--and my
crew--and my dreams--
I'm going to have them all.
You what?!
You're no hero!
In fact, you're even
greedier than me! [growls]
Third Gear! Let's go!
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY growls, yells]
[TREASURE groans]
[LUFFY]
Now Gum-Gum Elephant Gun!
[yells]
[TREASURE grunts]
[LUFFY yells]
[ALL gasp]
[BONBORI groans]
[TREASURE grunts]
[sighs]
[squawking]
[ELIZABETH screeches]
[ZORO] Sorry we took so long.
They were kind of a pain.
Anyway, let's get
out of this dump.
[CHAVEZ, ELIZABETH squawk]
'Kay!
[PSYCHO P]
We're here, boss!
We can always find
more treasure later!
Don't throw your life away,
we still need you!
[TREASURE]
Jalalalala...
It's mine, it's all mine!
[TREASURE laughs]
[FRANKY] So long fish guts,
we are outta here!
The gastric juice is
coming up awfully fast!
I think our giant friend
has a giant tummy ache!
We should've
seen this coming--
Bonbori has a pretty tough
stomach,
but Luffy hitting
Treasure into its side
must have been the last straw!
Oh, I get it, Olga, you
were able to get out
of his stomach the first time
'cause of puke power, huh?
I wouldn't use those
exact words, but yeah.
Either way, you
overdid it by a mile!
[LUFFY chuckles]
[CREW yelling]
[screaming]
[screaming continues]
[BROOK] Say your fond
farewells to the uvula!
[gasps]
We're almost there!
[OLGA]
Shoot out ahead of the bile,
or we're gonna be
drowning in it!
Nothing's better for dodging
puke than a Coup de Burst!
[BONBORI roars]
[CREW screaming]
[yells]
[whimpering]
[SANJI growls]
[LUFFY chuckles]
[OLGA screams]
Now that is how
you get out of a fish!
[BROOK] Look! Why, there's
hardly a scratch on us!
[CHOPPER] No one's flesh
melted off or anything!
[BROOK] Chopper, some of us
didn't have flesh to begin with.
[ROBIN laughs] Then be thankful
that your afro didn't melt.
[NAMI gasps] Don't tell me
that light is Pure Gold, too!
Yes. It's the largest
piece in the world.
[CREW]
What?!
He loves the stuff. Why, he
simply can't eat enough of it.
And after it's been
digested in his stomach,
it builds up in his lantern,
shining brighter and brighter.
[ROBIN] "Whoever obtains the
treasure
also faces a terrifying
fate," they say.
Well, we were eaten alive.
That is terrifying,
but it was also pretty fun.
[ACIER] A strange feeling,
watching my home swim away.
If we don't tempt him
with Pure Gold,
we'll never see him again,
for better or for worse.
Seeing as I'm the only
one who knows how to make it,
I suppose this is
our final farewell.
[ACIER] And our final
farewell to Alchemi, too.
[ACIER] Well, this has
certainly been a wild ride.
Thank you for everything you've
done for the both of us.
Yeah, you guys aren't so bad.
Wish I could say this
all turned out for the best.
But you lost your ring when
Bonbori swallowed us,
didn't you?
I hate to be a downer,
but what about your illness?
Eh, I'm fine. I've lived
for long enough anyway.
Besides, if I have to get
swallowed by that fish again,
I'd rather stay
out here and die.
[ACIER]
Olga...
[CHOPPER]
So, what is your illness anyway?
South Blue Emperor Fever.
[CHOPPER gasps]
[ACIER]
There's no cure...
What?!
No! I think you're confused!
That's totally easy to cure!
Huh?!
Heh?
[CHOPPER] It's been curable
for a long time, actually.
Are you sure about that?
[CHOPPER]
Hah! Amazing what can happen
in 200 years, huh?
Here. One simple injection--
that's all you need!
[gasps]
Uh... Oh, I dunno...
I'm not too big on shots, sorry!
[screams]
[CHOPPER]
Hey! No! It hardly even stings!
You're not gonna die
on my watch, Olga!
[ACIER] There's no need
for any more regrets.
Even if things didn't work out
exactly how I planned,
both Pure Gold and those 200
long years paid off in the end.
[CHOPPER]
It'll be over in two seconds!
[OLGA] Can I wait 'til someone
invents a pill or something?!
Or maybe just die?!
[ACIER]
Well, there they go.
[OLGA]
Hmph! They were clowns, anyway.
I think I'll cope.
[ACIER]
We're finally free,
but what should we
do with ourselves now?
[OLGA] We can do whatever
the heck we want.
I took care of
myself for centuries.
There's nothing in
the world I can't handle.
I think we'll be just fine.
Ah. I agree. As long as I've
got my little girl with me,
I can do anything.
[gasps]
Hmph!
You're right, I am little.
But I'm also 206
years old, Daddy.
[USOPP groans]
Go figure...
We ended up empty-handed again.
I dunno if I'd say that.
[GROUP]
Huh?
[NAMI] I happened upon
this little treasure.
Yeah, what is it?
[NAMI]
An invitation to Gran Tesoro!
With a Vivre Card
to get us there.
Sounds cool! But what's
a Gran Tesoro anyway?
A golden city on the sea!
It's the biggest entertainment
center in the world!
They've got a huge casino
and luxury hotels.
Food and shopping and fun
as far as the eye can see!
Gambling, huh?
We'll see how their
food stacks up to mine.
Their architecture
must be fascinating!
They probably have amazing
concerts to see, as well!
Oh, you think they have a ferris
wheel like an amusement park?!
Come on, Luffy! Let's go!
[LUFFY chuckles]
No complaints from me!
[NAMI]
Well, it's settled, then!
[LUFFY]
Gran Tesoro...
Here... we... come!
[AIGIS] Although we
were unable to stop him,
it seems that Mad Treasure
failed to acquire
the Pure Gold.
Both he and it have
disappeared into the sea.
Should we pursue it further?
[LUCCI]
No. That won't be necessary.
[LUCCI] Better to maintain the
balance of the world, I think.
[AIGIS]
Sir.
[LUCCI] I'm more interested
in Treasure's employer.
I have my suspicions,
but were you able
to confirm his identity?
[AIGIS]
Yes, sir.
As I'm sure you've
guessed... it's Tesoro.
[LUCCI]
Gild Tesoro...
[LUCCI] We might have
to do something about him.
Sururururururu...
Mad Treasure fell short
of his lofty reputation.
He suffered some
manner of defeat
and is now nowhere to be found.
What a pity.
I must admit,
I expected better of him.
[TESORO chuckles]
Whatever happened,
I'm sorry I missed the show.
That must have been
some real entertainment.
You know who beat him?
Ah... forgive me, my lord,
but that is a mystery.
[TESORO] Hmm... Well.
It doesn't matter.
We can hire someone else if
we want the treasure that badly.
We've already got plenty
of gold to play with.
And anyone will bow down
for the right price.
[TESORO chuckles]
[laughs]
[growls]